Update docs for user's password (#126)
epinio/docs: docs/references/authorization.md

## Switch user

To switch users you need to set the `user` and `pass` keys of the Epinio settings file, located at `~/.config/epinio/settings.yaml`.

> The password should be base64 encoded. Below, `cGFzc3dvcmQ=` is the base64 encoded version of `password`.

Reviewer: `should` means that a password not encoded in base64 is supported, i.e. the system auto-detects the format and acts accordingly. Looking at the code PR this however is not the case.
Therefore
```suggestion
The password has to be base64 encoded. Below, `cGFzc3dvcmQ=` is the base64 encoded version of `password`.
```
